Add wording for enterprise page (#16560)
bitnami/charts: bitnami/influxdb/README.md

InfluxDB(TM) is a trademark owned by InfluxData, which is not affiliated with, and does not endorse, this site.

> Looking to use InfluxDB## TL;DRtrade; in production? Try [VMware Application Catalog](https://bitnami.com/enterprise), the enterprise edition of Bitnami Application Catalog.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Looking to use InfluxDB&trade; in production? Try [VMware Application Catalog](https://bitnami.com/enterprise), the enterprise edition of Bitnami Application Catalog.
```
